# hollenbeck_bissel_midterm
Thames River Anglers association website
Taking most design elements of which this website already has we took those and created a more visualy appealing site with simpler information and less crammed text. Every page has a header with 4 photos surrounding the Logo. The images are supposed to have some kind of reflection underneath them with a bit less opacity so that they look like they are reflecting off of water. The color of the Header is a bright green with the color code of #70ba1a. Underneath each header is a navigation link with a transition on them where everytime you hover over it, it changes color. There are also footer Navigations for each web page with the same kind of elements the main Nav has. We used Oswald as our only font to look more appealing, we grabbed the font from google fonts. The color of the body for every page is a bright blue with the color code of #51c9ff. In the Home page we have a video link to the anglers youtube, we added a transition, if the user hovers over it, the opacity of the image changes. The headings for the page are the same color as the header background so that the user knows the difference between the heading and the regular text. The color of the text is white. All the images in every page, except the Header, has a border radius to make it look more round. We added some whitespace in the pages to look more simple and not so cramped all over the page. In the refernces page the links are colored red because it shows the user that it's diferent from all the other colors and also because the color is easier on your eyes.
